JPERF-637: Do not specify availability zones when requesting AWS stack creation (#90)
atlassian/aws-infrastructure: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
[Unreleased]: https://github.com/atlassian/aws-infrastructure/compare/release-2.21.0...master

### Fixed

> - Do not explicitly specify Availability Zone when requesting resources to reduce insufficient capacity errors. Resolve [JPERF-637].

Reviewer: Nit, a purely stylistic remark:
I try to specify what the code *does* rather than what it *doesn't do*.
E.g.:
```suggestion
- Let AWS pick the Availability Zone to balance resource capacity. Resolve [JPERF-637].
```
